fix(seo): fix page titles, meta descriptions, OG tags, and heading st… (#1155)
wasmCloud/wasmCloud.com: docs/runtime/washlet.mdx

---

> title: 'Washlet — Cluster Hosts for wasmCloud'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Washlet — Cluster Hosts for wasmCloud'
sidebar_label: 'Cluster Hosts (Washlet)'
```

> ---
> title: 'Washlet — Cluster Hosts for wasmCloud'
> sidebar_position: 4
> toc_max_heading_level: 2
> description: 'Washlet is the wasmCloud cluster host — a lightweight Wasm runtime daemon that runs WebAssembly components on Kubernetes nodes inside host pods.'
> ---
> 
> ### Run a wasmCloud host as a cluster node connected to the operator mesh.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Washlet — Cluster Hosts for wasmCloud'
hide_title: true
sidebar_label: 'Cluster Hosts (Washlet)'
sidebar_position: 4
toc_max_heading_level: 2
description: 'Washlet is the wasmCloud cluster host — a lightweight Wasm runtime daemon that runs WebAssembly components on Kubernetes nodes inside host pods.'
---

# Cluster Hosts (Washlet)

### Run a wasmCloud host as a cluster node connected to the operator mesh.
```
